## Exercise 1
In Biology, the process called mitosis is a part of the cell cycle, in which chromosomes are replicated and separated into two new nuclei. This is a process which only occurs in certain types of cells, called eukaryotic cells. Most animals undergo this type of mitosis, although the process can vary between one animal and the next. Errors sometimes occur during this process, which is how many forms of cancer come to be. These are typically caused by having too few or too many chromosomes in the duplicated cells. Some organisms also use mitosis as a form of reproduction.
## Exercise 2
The Treaty of Versailles was a treaty signed between Germany and the Allied powers at the end of the First World War. The treaty stated, among other things, that Germany bore responsibility for starting the war, and was responsible for paying reparations to compensate the Allies for their financial losses. It also forced Germany to cede important territories and to disarm, in order to prevent the outbreak of further hostilities. Many historians blame the overly draconian terms of the treaty for the outbreak of WWII, as it humiliated Germany and allowed Hitler to come to power on a promise of restoring the country and avenging its humiliations.
## Exercise 3
The university is pleased to announce that once again, we will be organising a four-day trip to New York City during the Spring Break. We’ve put this event on every year for the past seven, and participation has been great each year. This year, we will be visiting two museums and going to the new theme park which has just opened near LaGuardia airport.
Interested students should go to the Student Union office on the third floor of the Maxwell building for more information.
## Exercise 4
The University's international relations department announced last Monday that it will implement fees for international students. "This measure is in agreement with other countries and aims to balance the accounts of our University", reported the Director of the Department. "It is important to note that students from other countries who are already enrolled will not be affected. The measure goes into effect in 2021". In addition, the University announced a distinction between undergraduate and graduate courses. "We decided to charge an amount 30% and 50% higher for Master and Doctoral students respectively", explained the director. "For us, it makes more sense than an experienced student who is more likely to work and can pay more."

# Q
So, today we’re going to talk about a concept known to political scientists and theorists as the Overton window. Has anyone ever heard of this idea? No? Well, basically this concept talks about the range of policies or ideas which are politically acceptable to the mainstream population at a given time. The theory goes that this, rather than individual politicians’ preferences, is what dictates the political viability of a particular policy or worldview. In fact, it is in a politician’s best interests to stay within the Overton window, as straying too far outside of it can imperil their chances of reelection.

Now, of course, this does not speak to individuals’ policy preferences, but rather to a country or location as a whole. Also, this window does not stay static. In fact, many political commentators and operatives seek to shift this window, so that ideas once considered too extreme for broader consumption can be brought into the mainstream. A good example of this in history would be, for example, slavery. Two hundred years ago, it was a perfectly acceptable mainstream opinion that slavery was necessary, even beneficial, for society, and for decades abolitionists were considered extremists. In other words, their ideas were outside of the Overton window. For this reason, abolishing slavery would not have been possible sooner than it was achieved. Over time, however, these activists shifted the window, and it eventually became extreme to believe the opposite.

In more recent times, the treatment and status of the homosexual population in society is another example. Fifty or sixty years ago, homophobia was considered not just acceptable, but morally necessary, and politicians campaigning against gay rights were routinely reelected in landslides. These days, it would be unthinkable for such a thing to happen in most parts of the US, and in many parts of the country, would-be politicians are either supportive of the issue, or don’t talk about it at all. This is the result of decades of the Overton window moving to accommodate a more pro-gay rights position.

Using the points and examples from the lecture, explain the concept of the Overton Window.
# A
The overtone window==, according to the professor,== is the range of policies or ideas that are accepted by most of the population of a given region in a given time. As you may see, most of the politicians that end up winning elections are the ones that are approved by the majority of the country, so in a sense, the overtone window has more power than any govern. Anyone that thinks out of this window is considered by the people a radical. Nevertheless, the overtone window moves with time and that's how we end up little by little ending up with policies more humane and fair
## SA
The Overton Window, according to the professor, is a concept which refers to the range of public opinion with regard to specific policies, and what is politically feasible as a result. He also says that typically politicians seek to stay within this window to get reelected. The professor first gives the example of slavery, and how it was mainstream to be supportive of it for many years, and those who sought its end were considered too extreme to be taken seriously. He uses the end of slavery to demonstrate how over time, the window can be moved. He gives a further example, that of gay rights, to also demonstrate the movability of the window. He says that for a long time, being anti-gay was a surefire vote winner in elections, whereas now, the opposite is true.


- TIP: Just try to same the same as the teacher but with less words and better connectors